Sister-in-law, your cooking is so delicious
I haven't eaten so much in a long time
There we go.
You're alive.
Nothing is more important than a full meal
Thank you sister-in-law
You're welcome
Hey, have a good rest.
I'll go to the field to take a look.
OK. Mmm.
Zhang Xue is relative to me
A complete stranger
But his concern and encouragement
It actually gave me a
Unspeakable emotion
And Li Mingyue's righteous performance
Interrupt the wedding
These are existences that can't be let down
OK.
Since I have occupied this body
Then let me use my past life experience
Continue to walk through the life of this body
Let those who cannot live up to
Proud of it.